This was written by: Dragos, Alex, Isac Dragos, Clay and Levi of team Frustaceans

our heroin was snorted by our hero and began to see visions:
100: wealth, fame and power	
200: visions of a lost past	
300: The man with gray hair 
	A man with gray hair is sitting at a desk with a very long quill in his hand. He dips the quill in white powder and begins writing in it while snorting the words he has written, as if to take in the story, making himself part of it. You think you recognize him from somewhere...
----310: F-father..?!
----320: "Excuse me, who are you??"



100: Wealth, fame, power, our hero has attained everything a man could desire.
Being head of the Italian mafia, he was feared by every man in Palermo. But,
even a high profile and respectable person like him hasn't acomplished everything
he ever wanted. His heart was still to be tamed by a nice young lady that he has yet
to meet. Go to 101.
101: He had his fair share of adventures and romances, but he was still looking for the one.
Then, one day he saw her, sitting on a bench in the park, reading a book.
It was love at first sight. He approached her and they started talking. 
They hit it off immediately and started dating. They were inseparable, 
and he finally felt complete. He had everything he ever wanted, but now he had 
something even better: true love.
One day he came from work and his mansion was surrounded by police cars. He was 
confused. What evidence did they have? Who slipped? Turns out it was his own fiance.
She was secretly wired and collecting information about his illegal activities. 
She was working with the police to bring him down from the very beggining, in the park.
Now his life was compromised. A mafia head can't really trust anyone, 
to meet.

200: Some old family pictures, a scratched nightstand, a messily repainted bed.. an empty room, overall.
No one there. No one else, that is, but the hero, and his hauting pal.

"Get up", it said.

He didn't.

"Get. Up", the creature insisted firmly.
"MAAAAN, I nono wanna get up", the hero groaned.
"Get up, or I'll make you get up", the creature said.
"Kinky", the hero added.

*vomiting noises*

And then the creature decided to leave the filthy, disgustingly graphic human alone.
Probably the end.. or n o t?

A more serious approach --------------
"Get. Up", the creature insisted firmly.
"...", the hero remained silent, and turned his head away.

He could feel the creature's eyes roaming over him, his limp body, his lack of motivation, his life. The creature didn't press the issue, or his wishes.
Instead, it simply sighed. And it did in such a way that the hero could feel the weight of it, the anger, , the bitterness,but most of all, the disappointment, and yet the familiarity of it all.

Maybe it wasn't a creature afterall. Maybe it was *him*.
CONTINUED AT 201



320: The man pays no attention to you, rocking back and forth in his chair gleefully yet fully focused, with his eyes fixed on the pages, thinking to himself "Yeees, yeees...", humming to himself some kind of a song. A mischievous smile widens on his face...you don't even know if he actually acknowledged your presence
---- 321: You stay in silence, frozen like a deer in its final moments before the speeding car. You wait patiently for 3-5 minutes.
---- 322: You don't have time for this! You repeat your question louder in a demanding tone.